
# Sunrise
ARTICLE 8 

PROBATIONARY PERIOD 
All regular full-time employees hired after the effective date of this Agreement shall be 
considered as probationary employees until they have worked for the Hospital for ninety (90) 
calendar days in a bargaining unit position.  The probationary period for part-time and VSP 
 
11 
employees shall be four hundred and sixty-eight (468) hours or ninety (90) calendar days, 
whichever is longer.  Probationary employees have no seniority status, and may be disciplined or 
discharged without recourse to the grievance and arbitration procedures.  At the completion of 
the probationary period, seniority shall date from the initial date of hire.  In exceptional 
instances, upon mutual agreement, in writing between the Union and the Hospital, the 
probationary period may be extended once, for an additional thirty (30) calendar days.  The 
purpose of the extension is to afford the Hospital the opportunity to adequately evaluate the 
employee.  The failure to extend the probationary period shall not be grievable. 

---
# Mountain View
ARTICLE 8 

PROBATIONARY PERIOD 
All regular full-time employees hired after the effective date of this Agreement shall be 
considered as probationary employees until they have worked for the Hospital for ninety (90) 
calendar days in a bargaining unit position.  The probationary period for part-time and VSP 
employees shall be four hundred and sixty-eight (468) hours or ninety (90) calendar days, 
whichever is longer.  Probationary employees have no seniority status, and may be disciplined or 
discharged without recourse to the grievance and arbitration procedures.  At the completion of 
the probationary period, seniority shall date from the initial date of hire.  In exceptional 
instances, upon mutual agreement, in writing between the Union and the Hospital, the 
probationary period may be extended once, for an additional thirty (30) calendar days.  The 
purpose of the extension is to afford the Hospital the opportunity to adequately evaluate the 
employee.  The failure to extend the probationary period shall not be grievable. 

---
# Southern Hills
ARTICLE 8 

PROBATIONARY PERIOD 
All regular full-time employees hired after the effective date of this Agreement shall be 
considered as probationary employees until they have worked for the Hospital for ninety (90) 
calendar days in a bargaining unit position.  The probationary period for part-time and VSP 
employees shall be four hundred and sixty-eight (468) hours or ninety (90) calendar days, 
whichever is longer.  Probationary employees have no seniority status, and may be disciplined or 
discharged without recourse to the grievance and arbitration procedures.  At the completion of 
the probationary period, seniority shall date from the initial date of hire.  In exceptional 
instances, upon mutual agreement, in writing between the Union and the Hospital, the 
probationary period may be extended once, for an additional thirty (30) calendar days.  The 
purpose of the extension is to afford the Hospital the opportunity to adequately evaluate the 
employee.  The failure to extend the probationary period shall not be grievable.  

